v0.1.9: "Five curtain calls"
============================

The whole GTG development team is pleased to announce that after months of hard
work, we've just released a new version of Getting Things GNOME!, codenamed
"Five curtain calls". Don't even hesitate, rush on our Launchpad project page
and download the archive or, if you prefer, download the packaged version for
Debian and Ubuntu from our PPA!

The GTG 0.1.9 release is a beta release for the upcoming 0.2, which is due very
soon. It packs a *huge amount* of new features, among them:

* support for plugins, thanks to Paulo Cabido's Google Summer of Code
* already 6 plugins available:

  - Remember the milk synchronization
  - hamster integration
  - bugzilla
  - geolocation
  - tomboy
  - notification area

* improved performances
* support for tag groups
* improved editor UI
* fuzzy due dates

The 0.2 release will also fixes not less than 99 bugs! Thanks to our new GTG
developers (Paulo Cabido, Luca Invernizzi and Kevin Mehall), a terrific work
has been achieved for 0.1.9!

As this is a beta release, we kindly ask every adventurous testers to help us
make the soon-to-come 0.2 a great release by reporting any unnoticed bug to our
project page.

Unfortunately, this release also comes with 2 unresolved bugs that worth mentioning:

* A bug with intel GPU drivers in Ubuntu 9.10 distributions may prevent tag
  color squares from appearing. It seems that upgrading to a newest version of
  those drivers fixes that. More info on the bug page.
* A GTK bug causes some errors to show on standard output if you run GTG from a
  terminal, this bug has been reported upstream.

Those 2 bugs are caused by upstream bugs and will only be corrected once the
related apps will be fixed, which should happen anytime.

Anyway, we'll soon come back with a new, shiny, a full-featured 0.2 release
that will sure rock. Until then, we hope you'll like GTG 0.1.9 as much as we
do!
