v0.3.1
======

Released: 24/11/2013

After about 12 months of very active development, the GTG team is proud to
announce the release of Getting Things GNOME! 0.3.1!

This version is packed with an amazing amount of bug fixes and many novelties!
The goal with 0.3.1 was to refactor several of it’s existing functionalities
and improve the codebase. A lot of time was spent on improving the plugins. In
the process we have fixed lots of bugs and have made a few feature
enhancements!

What's new in 0.3.1?
--------------------

Here's an (incomplete) list of changes.
You can see the complete list of changes in our CHANGELOG_.

.. _CHANGELOG: https://bazaar.launchpad.net/~gtg/gtg/trunk/view/1332/CHANGELOG

Fixed Hamster Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Hamster plugin which was used to start a GTG Task as a Hamster activity was
not working for some time. It has been fixed. Now tasks can be started in
Hamster and they can also be stopped from GTG itself. When a task is closed or
deleted, it’s corresponding hamster activity will be stopped.

GTGOnline!
~~~~~~~~~~

Parin Porecha started developing a web application for GTG (currently it is
named GTGOnline!) as a part of `his Google Summer of Code 2013 project`_. It
is `up and running`_. It not only supports the current features of GTG, but
also Task Sharing! You can now add users to groups and share your tasks with
them! He has also written a synchronization backend to sync tasks and tags
with GTGOnline!

.. _`his Google Summer of Code 2013 project`: https://wiki.gnome.org/Outreach/SummerOfCode/2013/Projects/ParinPorecha_GTGOnline
.. _`up and running`: http://gtgonline-parinporecha.rhcloud.com/

Port to python3 and gtk3
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Xuan Hu `ported GTG to python3 and gtk3`_ as a part of his Google Summer of
Code 2013 project. `Xuan's branch`_ is almost stable and is currently being tested

.. _`ported GTG to python3 and gtk3`: https://wiki.gnome.org/Outreach/SummerOfCode/2013/Projects/XuanHu_PortingGTG
.. _`Xuan's branch`: https://code.launchpad.net/~huxuan/gtg/port-to-gtk3-py3/

PEP8ification of the codebase
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There were more than 10,000 PEP8 errors in the codebase which have now been removed.

New task keyboard shortcut
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Working on another application and need to create a task?

Now it is possible via a keyboard shortcut. Configure it in the settings, and
on pressing the shortcut, new task editor will open up!

Translations
~~~~~~~~~~~~

All translations were updated.

Stability
~~~~~~~~~

We've fixed many bugs causing crashes during this release.

Various other fixes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Updated and improved plugins: notification area icon, urgency color, export, ...
* 7 new feature enhancements


Thank You
---------

The GTG developer team would like to thank and congratulate all the great people
which contributed to this version. You did an amazing work! Thanks also to our
many new contributors which joined us during this development cycle!


What's next?
------------

Xuan Hu ported GTG to python3 and GTK3 as a part of his GSoC project. He has
done a great job, and his branch is almost stable.  During the next months, we
plan to test his branch and fix the remaining bugs so that it can be merged for
release 0.3.2 Porting to GTK3 has also paved the way for upcoming
`redesign of GTG`_!

We also have many other projects in the pipeline, most notably:

* `collaborative task management`_, a project which has been started by
  Izidor Matusov during Google Summer of Code 2012.
* Testing and merging GTGOnline! `synchronization backend`_ with the trunk.

.. _`redesign of GTG`: https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/gtg/Design/
.. _`collaborative task management`: https://wiki.gnome.org/Outreach/SummerOfCode/2012/Projects/IzidorMatusov_CollaborativeGTG
.. _`synchronization backend`: https://code.launchpad.net/~parinporecha/gtg/backend_gtgonline
