.TH gtgcli 1 2012-08-16 "gtgcli"
.SH NAME
gtcli \-  Command-line interface for Getting Things GNOME!
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gtgcli [options] COMMAND [command options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
gtgcli provides a handy command-line interface to GTG. It allows to list and
modify your task directly from the command line. It also allows to interact
with GTG using shell scripts.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fB
Prints some information about gtg's usage and options.
.SH COMMAND OPTIONS
.TP
\fBnew\fB
Creates a new task.
.TP
\fBshow <tid>\fB
Display task with <tid> task ID.
.TP
\fBedit <tid>\fB
Opens the GUI editor for the task with <tid> task ID.
.TP
\fBdelete <tid>\fB
Removes task with <tid> task ID.
.TP
\fBlist [all|today|<filter>|<tag>]\fB
List tasks corresponding to the given attributes.
.TP
\fBsearch <expression>\fB
Search tasks corresponding to <expression>. Read the documentation from GTG's
help to know more about the search query syntax.
.TP
\fBcount [all|today|<filter>|<tag>]\fB
Outputs the task count for all the task corresponding to the given attributes.
.TP
\fBsummary [all|today|<filter>|<tag]\fB
Report how many tasks starting/due each day.
.TP
\fBpostpone <tid> <date>\fB
Updates the start date of the task with <tid> task id to <date>.
.TP
\fBclose <tid>\fB
Sets state of task identified by <tid> to done.
.TP
\fBbrowser [hide|show]\fB
Hides or shows the task browser window.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
gtg (1)
.SH BUGS
Please report any bug you may experience to the \fBGTG\fP Developers, that can
be reached at \fRhttps://edge.launchpad.net/gtg\fP
.SH COPYRIGHT
This manual page is Copyright 2012 Bertrand Rousseau
<bertrand.rousseau@gmail.com>. Permission is granted to copy, distribute
and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
